add aep info (#888)
OffchainLabs/arbitrum-docs: arbitrum-docs/launch-orbit-chain/orbit-gentle-introduction.md

Orbit's product roadmap is firmly aligned with Ethereum's vision of a decentralized web - one that makes it easy for users to carry their digital swords, spells, skins, art, tokens, and other assets across digital boundaries of all kinds, without having to worry about security, censorship, or UX friction.

### What should I know about Orbit's licensing?

> L3 Orbit chains that settle to DAO-governed chains like Arbitrum One and Nova can be permissionlessly deployed without restrictions. For Orbit chains that are L2s or L3s settling to Ethereum, the [Arbitrum Orbit Expansion program](https://forum.arbitrum.foundation/t/the-arbitrum-expansion-program-and-developer-guild/20722) creates a self-service path to launching. Via the permissionless profit-sharing model of the program, Orbit chains are granted the rights to make customized L2s or L3s that settle to Ethereum directly or other Ethereum L2s such as optimistic rollups, zk-rollups, optimiums, and validiums.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
L3 Orbit chains that settle to DAO-governed chains like Arbitrum One and Nova can be permissionlessly deployed without restrictions. For Orbit chains that are settling to any other Ethereum chains, the [Arbitrum Orbit Expansion program](https://forum.arbitrum.foundation/t/the-arbitrum-expansion-program-and-developer-guild/20722) creates a self-service path to launching. Via the permissionless revenue-sharing model of the program, Orbit chains are granted the rights to build customized L2s or L3s (or L4s and beyond) that settle to Ethereum directly or other Ethereum chains, such as optimistic rollups, zk-rollups, optimiums, and validiums.
```

> L3 Orbit chains that settle to DAO-governed chains like Arbitrum One and Nova can be permissionlessly deployed without restrictions. For Orbit chains that are settling to any other Ethereum chains, the [Arbitrum Orbit Expansion program](https://forum.arbitrum.foundation/t/the-arbitrum-expansion-program-and-developer-guild/20722) creates a self-service path to launching. Via the permissionless revenue-sharing model of the program, Orbit chains are granted the rights to build customized L2s or L3s (or L4s and beyond) that settle to Ethereum directly or other Ethereum chains, such as optimistic rollups, zk-rollups, optimiums, and validiums.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
L3 Orbit chains that settle to DAO-governed chains like Arbitrum One and Nova can be permissionlessly deployed without restrictions. For Orbit chains that are settling to any other Ethereum chain, the [Arbitrum Orbit Expansion program](https://forum.arbitrum.foundation/t/the-arbitrum-expansion-program-and-developer-guild/20722) creates a self-service path to launching. Via the permissionless revenue-sharing model of the program, Orbit chains are granted the rights to build customized L2s or L3s (or L4s and beyond) that settle to Ethereum directly or other Ethereum chains, such as optimistic rollups, zk-rollups, optimiums, and validiums.
```
